in a world ruled by magic and
superstition this place is haunted by a
witch
there were two brothers named Graham
your town shall be haunted they were
fearless
they were ferocious there's your money
thank you Brothers Grimm oh it's you
Stan they were fraud hell are you doing
trying to kill us I'm getting too bloody
old for this
now a town under a curse ten girls in
this village of gone missing people
always knew that the forest was
enchanted but it's never turned against
us
just found their only hope we're here to
save your land from Keaveney toughness
famous right you are son the famous
Brothers Grimm me this strapping young
lad he is my daughter and a fine wife
he'll make some lucky man we need a
guide someone who knows the forest but
the two men who thought it was all a
hoax hello grandmother toad so is the
way I'll give you a kiss
that's just not right we'll discover
that's someone in the woods
how real it can be don't trust the trees
we cannot fight an entire forest you're
just scared and why aren't you you were
nearly eaten by a tree a tree the queen
has stolen your girls for their use she
needs one more to make a spell work
we'll find your sisters we can give it
happy
the Brothers Grimm if there's a certain
way you like it
grandmother toad I'll just try to be
gentle
you